I can't be late again
[Music]
[Applause]
sure I am so screwed for this test come
my pencil back what do you mean
yo how's my favorite pencil all right
whatever I mean at least it's time for
lunch so this is my favorite time of the
day because I get to eat let's go all
right lunchtime and go into my favorite
lunch spot harvest they have the best
chicken sandwiches I looked forward to
this moment every single day because
that sandwich literally gives me so much
joy mmm can't wait let's go can I get
the chicken pesto sandwich I'm going
stop freaking girl again you're getting
back my pencil
[Applause]
for that girl
UVC is so beautiful on a sunny day like
this it's very rare that we get sunny
days but when it is sunny I feel like my
life is just ten times happier ah I
actually know why I came to this school
ah all right now I'm gonna go to the gym
get a nice workout in before I sit down
and calm myself just study you know I
have too much angst too much energy
built up inside and get some release
let's go
ah
mmm
maybe you should try a lighter way next
time go away it's so annoying house
you're always binary
all right now we're walking towards ikb
one of my favorite libraries but it's
always super packed however since it's
Friday today maybe if you were like too
worried about partying and not studying
so we might be able to finance a let's
go inside I should have like sweet
finals so I really gotta focus today
Thanks
so I'm just studying from my brand
management class I went over all the
lecture slides and looked up some
definitions it was a watching memorize
honest thing but yeah that goes pretty
good why do you keep on coming back what
are you doing so it just comes to my
tinder date for tonight oh cool yeah oh
you want to grab dinner then all right
let's let's go so uh what do you want to
eat
um probably just like anything spicy
really yeah okay
so
I mean you you took my pencil you took
my pencil for the whole freaking day
that was my favorite pencil I couldn't
write my notes without happens so how do
you think my studying yeah but I need my
pencil that's my lucky pencil you're
welcome I mean at least you look nice
thank you I can do that too
[Music]
go and play this game yeah you know how
to play
well I think it's coming off look you
have to drink now
hey there you go I think it's going
pretty well
I hope she thinks so too all right guys
I'm challenging myself to not date for
365 days today is this well I ever find
true love who knows well you will know
if you hit that notification bell so
look out for the new videos make sure
you follow your sad boy on Instagram to
see all the pictures I took with her and
exclusive behind the scene takes and if
you want to watch more college
day-in-the-life videos click on the
playlist I made it specially for you my
name is abu go and i'll see you in the
next video peace
you
[Music]